the savings experiment presented by Bank
of America and visa because frugal is
the new cool we all know the best
holiday sales happen on Black Friday and
Cyber Monday right well not anymore this
year we have new peak shopping holidays
with some even better discounts
according to deal news look out for
national deal week which starts on the
wednesday before thanksgiving and runs
through the wednesday after cyber monday
during this time you'll find competitive
online sales for major retailers like
Toys R Us and newegg com and while most
of us would prefer to spend Thanksgiving
with our loved ones it might be a little
tough this year with all the sales going
on this season Thanksgiving Day is
predicted to top black friday in terms
of holiday sales online look for amazon
best buy and Kohl's to feature some of
their best deals of the year on this day
even brick-and-mortar retailers like
Macy's and JC Penney's will be opening
their doors for the first time ever to
get in on the action lastly there's
green monday in december according to
ebay this second monday of december is
the best online sales day of the month
with retailers like Target and sears
offering up to ninety percent off the
most popular gift items and that's about
it mark those days on your calendar and
get all the deals of Black Friday
without the hassle and don't forget to
Like us on Facebook and share your
holiday shopping secrets
for more great videos visit us at
dailyfinance calm / savings dash
experiment